Welcome to a tutorial on the 'Admin tool'.
We will use this tool for two things: adding new team members to Bridge,
and uploading your logo which will appear throughout Bridge - this may have already been done for you.
First, let's make sure we are in the admin tool. 
To upload custom branding, select 'account management' followed by custom branding, followed by edit branding
Here, you can upload a PNG image and select where it will appear. By selecting Brand Colours, 
the colours of the logo will automatically appear throughout Bridge. You can also adjust whether you
want the logo to appear on the sign in screen, as well as on course content, for your own look and feel.
Make sure to hit publish to make your changes visible.

Let's now navigate back to the 'admin' tab, and learn how to enroll users.
This should have already been done for you - however, if there is a team member missing,
you will need to follow the following steps.
In order to be able to see the progress of your team members, we have to enroll from a
'CSV' file (don't worry if this is unfamiliar to you - it's quite simple as you'll see).
CSV stands for comma-separated-variables, and is a file type just like a JPG or an MP3 file.
First, we will open up a text editor - if you are using Windows, open up Notepad, or if you're on mac
open up TextEdit. Next, we will need the email addresses of all users you are trying to enrol.
Paste these email addresses in the text editor, with each address on a new line. 
Next, add a comma to each line, and immediately after the comma add your own email address
(that is, the email address you use to sign into Bridge). Make sure you do not include a space after the comma
Save this file as a .CSV file.
Return to Bridge and navigate to the manage users page in the admin tool.
Select Add via CSV, and then click CHoose file and select the .csv file we just created.
The following screen should then appear.
Drag the first key (the login ID) to the first column.
Then, drag the second key (the manager ID) to the second column.
As there are no data fields, we hit FINISH in the top right. A loading screen will appear,
which will prompt you to hit confirm. 
If we return to the manage users page in the admin tab, we see that our two new users have appeared.
WE can remove a user by hitting the X next to them. 

